INSTALL file for PHP Weather 2.2.2 2004-06-17    -*- text -*-
Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Martin Geisler <gimpster@gimpster.com>
Licensed under the GNU GPL. See the file COPYING for details.


Getting the source
-----------------
You can always get the latest version from

  http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=23245


Installation
------------
To try out PHP Weather to see that it works, just untar the tarball
into a directory on your webserver, and load the page index.php in your
favorite browser.

There will be a drop-down list where you can select a city and a
language, so have the weather for that city displayed in the chosen
language.


Configuration and Database Setup
--------------------------------
You'll want to configure PHP Weather to use a database as a cache for
the METARs it fetches so that things can go faster.

To help you with this task you'll find a couple of scripts in the
config/ subdirectory.  The make_config.php script helps you build a
configuration-file for PHP Weather and the make_db.php script will try
and make the necessary database tables for you after you've configured
PHP Weather.

Just follow the instructions in the relevant scripts.


Bugs?
-----
If you find a bug or have a feature request for PHP Weather, please
don't hesitate to report it using the right tracker at SourceForge:

  http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=23245

We have a mailing list for general discussions about PHP Weather,
where you can ask questions and talk about anything with relation to
PHP Weather.  Before you can send mails to the list, you have to
subscribe to it --- go to this page to subscribe:

  http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/phpweather-devel

If PHP Weather is decoding a METAR incorrectly, please remember to
include that METAR you're having problems with when you send a message
or submit a bug.  Without it, we can't really help you.  You'll find
the METAR below the report on index.php.

This and future versions of PHP Weather does not work with PHP3.  If
this is a problem for you, then first try and upgrade your webserver,
PHP3 is a very old release now.  If you cannot upgrade, then you can
use the PHP Weather 1.x series which offer you most of the
functionality found in PHP Weather 2.x.  You can still download PHP
Weather 1.x from the project page on SourceForge:

  http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=23245

Enjoy! --- Martin Geisler <gimpster@gimpster.com>
