README for PHP Weather 2.2.2 2004-06-17    -*- text -*-
Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Martin Geisler <gimpster@gimpster.com>
Licensed under the GNU GPL. See the file COPYING for details.


What is PHP Weather?
--------------------
PHP Weather is a script that makes it easy to show the current weather
on your webpage. Airports all over the world make a so-called METAR
report once an hour.  A METAR report is an aviation weather report to
be used primarily by airplanes.  The report contains data, in a
shorthand form, about temperature, wind speed and direction,
cloud-coverage and much more.  PHP Weather converts this format into
both imperial and metric units, caches the data in MySQL, Postgres or
DBM database for fast retrieval, and makes them easily available in
PHP scripts.


Installation
------------
See the INSTALL file for instructions on installation of PHP Weather
on your webserver.


Features
--------
Here is a list of the features PHP Weather provides:

  o Shows the current weather in natural language.
  o Caches the result to increase performance. 
  o MySQL, PostgreSQL, and DBM databases are supported.
  o Supports several languages. If your language isn't here, 
    you can add a translation.

Please see http://www.phpweather.net/ for full details and examples.


How to contact us
-----------------
If you find a bug or have a feature request for PHP Weather, please
don't hesitate to report it at SourceForge using one of the available
trackers:

  http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=23245

We have a mailing list for general discussions about PHP Weather,
where you can ask questions and talk about anything with relation to
PHP Weather.  Before you can send mails to the list, you have to
subscribe to it --- go to this page to subscribe:

  http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/phpweather-devel

If PHP Weather is decoding a METAR incorrectly, please remember to
include that METAR you're having problems with when you send a message
or submit a bug.  Without it, we can't really help you.  You'll find
the METAR below the report on index.php.

You can always get the newest version at

  http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=23245

and you'll find additionally information at

  http://www.phpweather.net/

Enjoy! --- Martin Geisler <gimpster@gimpster.com>
